Please describe in detail your feelings about where you currently are in JavaScript programming. Please include how well you feel that you have mastered it, as well as listing those things that you think are a challenge to you. Any feedback about whre you are, and where you think you need to go, or would like to go, will be very helpful in getting you there.

    My experience with Javascript is limited to the 3 months of class time in year 1. I'm feel like an average skill level of JavaScript but most likely would need a refresher course for the syntax and subtle nuances of the language


Please describe in detail the types of "bugs" a coder can expect to encounter when coding a web page with JavaScript. Describe the techniques you have learned to resolve the types of bugs that we have examined so far. Quote an outside source containing information on resolving this type of bug.

    Bugs can be encountered through errors in syntax and logic, requiring a thorough check of spelling and operation. *Need quote*

Please describe in detail, in your own words, the difference between syntax bugs and logic bugs. Describe the differences in technique in the way that they are resolved. Use an outside source to provide additional information that is relevant to this particular subject matter.

    Syntax bugs are programmer error in the physical writing and grammar of the code. Code enviroments will often catch these errors and point them out. Logic errors cause a program to run irregularly and can be identified through conlose commands like assert and find where in the code the error is

Please describe in detail, in your own words, the three different techniques that we have learned so far to resolve logic bugs. What are the advantages and disadvantages of each method?  For this bell work, you do not need to use an outside source to provide additional information that is relevant to this particular subject matter.

    A variety of console commands like assert, log, and error, can all assist in correcting logic bugs. 

Please describe in detail, in your own words, what we can use a debugger for and how it is used. For what types of situations is a debugger the best choice for resolving bugs? What are the advantages and disadvantages of using a debugger?  For this bell work, you do not need to use an outside source to provide additional information that is relevant to this particular subject matter.



Please describe in detail, in your own words, the four JavaScript key words that are used for Exception Handling. Briefly describe the purpose of each. What are the advantages of the using the techniques of Exception Handling in your coding? For this bell work, you do not need to use an outside source to provide additional information that is relevant to this particular subject matter.

    Try: Define code to test for errors
    Catch: Code to be executted if errors do occur
    Throw:  Allows for custom error creation
    Finally: Executes code regardless of the try results   


Please describe in detail, in your own words, what you think are the most important take-aways that you got from the unit on debugging techniques. How will these techniques help you be successful in your coding? For this bell work, you do not need to use an outside source to provide additional information that is relevant to this particular subject matter.



